{"fieldName":"dc.description.abstract","informationCode":"ERR_SPACE_AT_EDGE","handle":"12345678_acm\/7355","fieldValue":" Where should we place sensors to efficiently monitor natural drinking water resources for contamination? Which blogs should we read to learn about the biggest stories on the Web? These problems share a fundamental challenge: How can we obtain the most useful information about the state of the world, at minimum cost? Such information gathering, or active learning, problems are typically NP-hard, and were commonly addressed using heuristics without theoretical guarantees about the solution quality. In this article, we describe algorithms which efficiently find provably near-optimal solutions to large, complex information gathering problems. Our algorithms exploit submodularity, an intuitive notion of diminishing returns common to many sensing problems: the more sensors we have already deployed, the less we learn by placing another sensor. In addition to identifying the most informative sensing locations, our algorithms can handle more challenging settings, where sensors need to be able to reliably communicate over lossy links, where mobile robots are used for collecting data, or where solutions need to be robust against adversaries and sensor failures. We also present results applying our algorithms to several real-world sensing tasks, including environmental monitoring using robotic sensors, activity recognition using a built sensing chair, a sensor placement challenge, and deciding which blogs to read on the Web."}{"fieldName":"dc.publisher","informationCode":"WARN_TEXT_LENGTH_SMALL","handle":"12345678_acm\/7355","fieldValue":"ACM"}{"fieldName":"dc.publisher","informationCode":"WARN_ALL_WORD_UPPER","handle":"12345678_acm\/7355","fieldValue":"ACM"}{"fieldName":"dc.description.abstract","informationCode":"ERR_SPACE_AT_EDGE","handle":"12345678_acm\/7356","fieldValue":" Biomass power plants are very promising for reducing carbon oxides emissions, because they provide energy with a carbon-neutral process. Biomass comes from trees and vegetables, so they provide a renewable type of energy. However, biomass plants location, along with their provisioning basins, are heavily regulated by economical aspects, often without careful consideration of their environmental footprint. For example, some Italian biomass plants import from overseas palm-tree oil that is economically convenient. However, the energy consumed for the oil transportation is definitely greater than the energy produced by the palm-tree oil burning. In this way biomass power plants turn out to be environmentally inefficient, even if they produce renewable energy. We propose an Integer Linear Programming approach for defining the energy and cost-efficient biomass plant location along with the corresponding provisioning basin. In addition, the model enables to evaluate existing plants and their energy and cost efficiency. Our study is based on real data gathered in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy. Finally, this optimization tool is just a small part of a wider perspective that is aimed to define decision support tools for the improvement of regional planning and its precise strategic environmental assessment."}{"fieldName":"dc.publisher","informationCode":"WARN_TEXT_LENGTH_SMALL","handle":"12345678_acm\/7356","fieldValue":"ACM"}{"fieldName":"dc.publisher","informationCode":"WARN_ALL_WORD_UPPER","handle":"12345678_acm\/7356","fieldValue":"ACM"}{"fieldName":"dc.description.abstract","informationCode":"ERR_SPACE_AT_EDGE","handle":"12345678_acm\/7357","fieldValue":" Practically every large IT organization hosts data centers---a mix of computing elements, storage systems, networking, power, and cooling infrastructure---operated either in-house or outsourced to major vendors. A significant element of modern data centers is their cooling infrastructure, whose efficient and sustainable operation is a key ingredient to the â\u20ACœalways-onâ\u20AC? capability of data centers. We describe the design and implementation of CAMAS (Chiller Advisory and MAnagement System), a temporal data mining solution to mine and manage chiller installations. CAMAS embodies a set of algorithms for processing multivariate time-series data and characterizes sustainability measures of the patterns mined. We demonstrate three key ingredients of CAMAS---motif mining, association analysis, and dynamic Bayesian network inference---that help bridge the gap between low-level, raw, sensor streams, and the high-level operating regions and features needed for an operator to efficiently manage the data center. The effectiveness of CAMAS is demonstrated by its application to a real-life production data center managed by HP."}{"fieldName":"dc.publisher","informationCode":"WARN_TEXT_LENGTH_SMALL","handle":"12345678_acm\/7357","fieldValue":"ACM"}{"fieldName":"dc.publisher","informationCode":"WARN_ALL_WORD_UPPER","handle":"12345678_acm\/7357","fieldValue":"ACM"}{"fieldName":"dc.description.abstract","informationCode":"ERR_SPACE_AT_EDGE","handle":"12345678_acm\/7358","fieldValue":" With dwindling nonrenewable energy reserves and the adverse effects of climate change, the development of the smart electricity grid is seen as key to solving global energy security issues and to reducing carbon emissions. In this respect, there is a growing need to integrate renewable (or green) energy sources in the grid. However, the intermittency of these energy sources requires that demand must also be made more responsive to changes in supply, and a number of smart grid technologies are being developed, such as high-capacity batteries and smart meters for the home, to enable consumers to be more responsive to conditions on the grid in real time. Traditional solutions based on these technologies, however, tend to ignore the fact that individual consumers will behave in such a way that best satisfies their own preferences to use or store energy (as opposed to that of the supplier or the grid operator). Hence, in practice, it is unclear how these solutions will cope with large numbers of consumers using their devices in this way. Against this background, in this article, we develop novel control mechanisms based on the use of autonomous agents to better incorporate consumer preferences in managing demand. These agents, residing on consumers' smart meters, can both communicate with the grid and optimize their owner's energy consumption to satisfy their preferences. More specifically, we provide a novel control mechanism that models and controls a system comprising of a green energy supplier operating within the grid and a number of individual homes (each possibly owning a storage device). This control mechanism is based on the concept of homeostasis whereby control signals are sent to individual components of a system, based on their continuous feedback, in order to change their state so that the system may reach a stable equilibrium. Thus, we define a new carbon-based pricing mechanism for this green energy supplier that takes advantage of carbon-intensity signals available on the Internet in order to provide real-time pricing. The pricing scheme is designed in such a way that it can be readily implemented using existing communication technologies and is easily understandable by consumers. Building upon this, we develop new control signals that the supplier can use to incentivize agents to shift demand (using their storage device) to times when green energy is available. Moreover, we show how these signals can be adapted according to changes in supply and to various degrees of penetration of storage in the system. We empirically evaluate our system and show that, when all homes are equipped with storage devices, the supplier can significantly reduce its reliance on other carbon-emitting power sources to cater for its own shortfalls. By so doing, the supplier reduces the carbon emission of the system by up to 25&percnt; while the consumer reduces its costs by up to 14.5&percnt;. Finally, we demonstrate that our homeostatic control mechanism is not sensitive to small prediction errors and the supplier is incentivized to accurately predict its green production to minimize costs."}