{"fieldName":"dc.publisher","informationCode":"WARN_ALL_WORD_UPPER","handle":"12345678_acm\/8017","fieldValue":"ACM"}{"fieldName":"dc.contributor.author","informationCode":"WARN_INVALID_PERSON","handle":"12345678_acm\/8018","fieldValue":"Tsourakakis, Charalampos E"}{"fieldName":"dc.description.abstract","informationCode":"ERR_SPACE_AT_EDGE","handle":"12345678_acm\/8018","fieldValue":" We study a novel clustering problem in which the pairwise relations between objects are categorical. This problem can be viewed as clustering the vertices of a graph whose edges are of different types (colors). We introduce an objective function that ensures the edges within each cluster have, as much as possible, the same color. We show that the problem is NP-hard and propose a randomized algorithm with approximation guarantee proportional to the maximum degree of the input graph. The algorithm iteratively picks a random edge as a pivot, builds a cluster around it, and removes the cluster from the graph. Although being fast, easy to implement, and parameter-free, this algorithm tends to produce a relatively large number of clusters. To overcome this issue we introduce a variant algorithm, which modifies how the pivot is chosen and how the cluster is built around the pivot. Finally, to address the case where a fixed number of output clusters is required, we devise a third algorithm that directly optimizes the objective function based on the alternating-minimization paradigm. We also extend our objective function to handle cases where objectâ\u20AC™s relations are described by multiple labels. We modify our randomized approximation algorithm to optimize such an extended objective function and show that its approximation guarantee remains proportional to the maximum degree of the graph. We test our algorithms on synthetic and real data from the domains of social media, protein-interaction networks, and bibliometrics. Results reveal that our algorithms outperform a baseline algorithm both in the task of reconstructing a ground-truth clustering and in terms of objective-function value."}{"fieldName":"dc.publisher","informationCode":"WARN_TEXT_LENGTH_SMALL","handle":"12345678_acm\/8018","fieldValue":"ACM"}{"fieldName":"dc.publisher","informationCode":"WARN_ALL_WORD_UPPER","handle":"12345678_acm\/8018","fieldValue":"ACM"}{"fieldName":"dc.description.abstract","informationCode":"ERR_SPACE_AT_EDGE","handle":"12345678_acm\/8019","fieldValue":" With the rapid growth of modern technologies, Internet has reached almost every corner of the world. As a result, it becomes more and more important to manage and mine information contained in Web pages in different languages. Traditional supervised learning methods usually require a large amount of training data to obtain accurate and robust classification models. However, labeled Web pages did not increase as fast as the growth of Internet. The lack of sufficient training Web pages in many languages, especially for those in uncommonly used languages, makes it a challenge for traditional classification algorithms to achieve satisfactory performance. To address this, we observe that Web pages for a same topic from different languages usually share some common semantic patterns, though in different representation forms. In addition, we also observe that the associations between word clusters and Web page classes are another type of reliable carriers to transfer knowledge across languages. With these recognitions, in this article we propose a novel joint nonnegative matrix trifactorization (NMTF) based Dual Knowledge Transfer (DKT) approach for cross-language Web page classification. Our approach transfers knowledge from the auxiliary language, in which abundant labeled Web pages are available, to the target languages, in which we want to classify Web pages, through two different paths: word cluster approximation and the associations between word clusters and Web page classes. With the reinforcement between these two different knowledge transfer paths, our approach can achieve better classification accuracy. In order to deal with the large-scale real world data, we further develop the proposed DKT approach by constraining the factor matrices of NMTF to be cluster indicator matrices. Due to the nature of cluster indicator matrices, we can decouple the proposed optimization objective and the resulted subproblems are of much smaller sizes involving much less matrix multiplications, which make our new approach much more computationally efficient. We evaluate the proposed approach in extensive experiments using a real world cross-language Web page data set. Promising results have demonstrated the effectiveness of our approach that are consistent with our theoretical analyses."}{"fieldName":"dc.title","informationCode":"WARN_TEXT_LENGTH_LARGE","handle":"12345678_acm\/8019","fieldValue":"Large-Scale Cross-Language Web Page Classification via Dual Knowledge Transfer Using Fast Nonnegative Matrix Trifactorization"}{"fieldName":"dc.publisher","informationCode":"WARN_TEXT_LENGTH_SMALL","handle":"12345678_acm\/8019","fieldValue":"ACM"}{"fieldName":"dc.publisher","informationCode":"WARN_ALL_WORD_UPPER","handle":"12345678_acm\/8019","fieldValue":"ACM"}{"fieldName":"dc.description.abstract","informationCode":"ERR_SPACE_AT_EDGE","handle":"12345678_acm\/8020","fieldValue":" Social influence analysis has shown great potential for strategic marketing decision. It is well known that people influence one another based on both their social connections and the social activities that they have engaged in the past. In this article, we develop an innovative and high-performance social influence based graph clustering framework with four unique features. First, we explicitly distinguish social connection based influence (self-influence) and social activity based influence (co-influence). We compute the self-influence similarity between two members based on their social connections within a single collaboration network, and compute the co-influence similarity by taking into account not only the set of activities that people participate but also the semantic association between these activities. Second, we define the concept of influence-based similarity by introducing a unified influence-based similarity matrix that employs an iterative weight update method to integrate self-influence and co-influence similarities. Third, we design a dynamic learning algorithm, called SI-Cluster, for social influence based graph clustering. It iteratively partitions a large social collaboration network into K clusters based on both the social network itself and the multiple associated activity information networks, each representing a category of activities that people have engaged. To make the SI-Cluster algorithm converge fast, we transform sophisticated nonlinear fractional programming problem with respect to multiple weights into a straightforward nonlinear parametric programming problem of single variable. Finally, we develop an optimization technique of diagonalizable-matrix approximation to speed up the computation of self-influence similarity and co-influence similarities. Our SI-Cluster-Opt significantly improves the efficiency of SI-Cluster on large graphs while maintaining high quality of clustering results. Extensive experimental evaluation on three real-world graphs shows that, compared to existing representative graph clustering algorithms, our SI-Cluster-Opt approach not only achieves a very good balance between self-influence and co-influence similarities but also scales extremely well for clustering large graphs in terms of time complexity while meeting the guarantee of high density, low entropy and low Davies--Bouldin Index."}