{"fieldName":"dc.description.abstract","informationCode":"ERR_SPACE_AT_EDGE","handle":"12345678_acm\/8078","fieldValue":" It is traditionally a challenge for home buyers to understand, compare, and contrast the investment value of real estate. Although a number of appraisal methods have been developed to value real properties, the performances of these methods have been limited by traditional data sources for real estate appraisal. With the development of new ways of collecting estate-related mobile data, there is a potential to leverage geographic dependencies of real estate for enhancing real estate appraisal. Indeed, the geographic dependencies of the investment value of an estate can be from the characteristics of its own neighborhood (individual), the values of its nearby estates (peer), and the prosperity of the affiliated latent business area (zone). To this end, in this paper, we propose a geographic method, named ClusRanking, for real estate appraisal by leveraging the mutual enforcement of ranking and clustering power. ClusRanking is able to exploit geographic individual, peer, and zone dependencies in a probabilistic ranking model. Specifically, we first extract the geographic utility of estates from geography data, estimate the neighborhood popularity of estates by mining taxicab trajectory data, and model the influence of latent business areas. Also, we fuse these three influential factors and predict real estate investment value. Moreover, we simultaneously consider individual, peer and zone dependencies, and derive an estate-specific ranking likelihood as the objective function. Furthermore, we propose an improved method named CR-ClusRanking by incorporating checkin information as a regularization term which reduces the performance volatility of real estate ranking system. Finally, we conduct a comprehensive evaluation with the real estate-related data of Beijing, and the experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed methods."}{"fieldName":"dc.publisher","informationCode":"WARN_TEXT_LENGTH_SMALL","handle":"12345678_acm\/8078","fieldValue":"ACM"}{"fieldName":"dc.publisher","informationCode":"WARN_ALL_WORD_UPPER","handle":"12345678_acm\/8078","fieldValue":"ACM"}{"fieldName":"dc.description.abstract","informationCode":"ERR_SPACE_AT_EDGE","handle":"12345678_acm\/8079","fieldValue":" Computation of covariance matrices from observed data is an important problem, as such matrices are used in applications such as principal component analysis (PCA), linear discriminant analysis (LDA), and increasingly in the learning and application of probabilistic graphical models. However, computing an empirical covariance matrix is not always an easy problem. There are two key difficulties associated with computing such a matrix from a very high-dimensional dataset. The first problem is over-fitting. For a p-dimensional covariance matrix, there are p(p âˆ\u2019 1)\/2 unique, off-diagonal entries in the empirical covariance matrix &Scirc; for large p (say, p > $10^5), the size n of the dataset is often much smaller than the number of covariances to compute. Over-fitting is a concern in any situation in which the number of parameters learned can greatly exceed the size of the dataset. Thus, there are strong theoretical reasons to expect that for high-dimensional dataâ\u20AC\u201Deven Gaussian dataâ\u20AC\u201Dthe empirical covariance matrix is not a good estimate for the true covariance matrix underlying the generative process. The second problem is computational. Computing a covariance matrix takes O(np2) time. For large p (greater than 10,000) and n much greater than p, this is debilitating. In this article, we consider how both of these difficulties can be handled simultaneously. Specifically, a key regularization technique for high-dimensional covariance estimation is thresholding, in which the smallest or least significant entries in the covariance matrix are simply dropped and replaced with the value 0. This suggests an obvious way to address the computational difficulty as well: First, compute the identities of the K entries in the covariance matrix that are actually important in the sense that they will not be removed during thresholding, and then in a second step, compute the values of those entries. This can be done in O(Kn) time. If K &Lt; p2$ and the identities of the important entries can be computed in reasonable time, then this is a big win. The key technical contribution of this article is the design and implementation of two different distributed algorithms for approximating the identities of the important entries quickly, using sampling. We have implemented these methods and tested them using an 800-core compute cluster. Experiments have been run using real datasets having millions of data points and up to 40, 000 dimensions. These experiments show that the proposed methods are both accurate and efficient."}{"fieldName":"dc.publisher","informationCode":"WARN_TEXT_LENGTH_SMALL","handle":"12345678_acm\/8079","fieldValue":"ACM"}{"fieldName":"dc.publisher","informationCode":"WARN_ALL_WORD_UPPER","handle":"12345678_acm\/8079","fieldValue":"ACM"}{"fieldName":"dc.description.abstract","informationCode":"ERR_SPACE_AT_EDGE","handle":"12345678_acm\/8080","fieldValue":" One of the key obstacles in making learning protocols realistic in applications is the need to supervise them, a costly process that often requires hiring domain experts. We consider the framework to use the world knowledge as indirect supervision. World knowledge is general-purpose knowledge, which is not designed for any specific domain. Then, the key challenges are how to adapt the world knowledge to domains and how to represent it for learning. In this article, we provide an example of using world knowledge for domain-dependent document clustering. We provide three ways to specify the world knowledge to domains by resolving the ambiguity of the entities and their types, and represent the data with world knowledge as a heterogeneous information network. Then, we propose a clustering algorithm that can cluster multiple types and incorporate the sub-type information as constraints. In the experiments, we use two existing knowledge bases as our sources of world knowledge. One is Freebase, which is collaboratively collected knowledge about entities and their organizations. The other is YAGO2, a knowledge base automatically extracted from Wikipedia and maps knowledge to the linguistic knowledge base, WordNet. Experimental results on two text benchmark datasets (20newsgroups and RCV1) show that incorporating world knowledge as indirect supervision can significantly outperform the state-of-the-art clustering algorithms as well as clustering algorithms enhanced with world knowledge features. A preliminary version of this work appeared in the proceedings of KDD 2015 [Wang et al. 2015a]. This journal version has made several major improvements. First, we have proposed a new and general learning framework for machine learning with world knowledge as indirect supervision, where document clustering is a special case in the original paper. Second, in order to make our unsupervised semantic parsing method more understandable, we add several real cases from the original sentences to the resulting logic forms with all the necessary information. Third, we add details of the three semantic filtering methods and conduct deep analysis of the three semantic filters, by using case studies to show why the conceptualization-based semantic filter can produce more accurate indirect supervision. Finally, in addition to the experiment on 20 newsgroup data and Freebase, we have extended the experiments on clustering results by using all the combinations of text (20 newsgroup, MCAT, CCAT, ECAT) and world knowledge sources (Freebase, YAGO2)."}{"fieldName":"dc.publisher","informationCode":"WARN_TEXT_LENGTH_SMALL","handle":"12345678_acm\/8080","fieldValue":"ACM"}{"fieldName":"dc.publisher","informationCode":"WARN_ALL_WORD_UPPER","handle":"12345678_acm\/8080","fieldValue":"ACM"}{"fieldName":"dc.description.abstract","informationCode":"ERR_SPACE_AT_EDGE","handle":"12345678_acm\/8081","fieldValue":" The goal of community detection algorithms is to identify densely connected units within large networks. An implicit assumption is that all the constituent nodes belong equally to their associated community. However, some nodes are more important in the community than others. To date, efforts have been primarily made to identify communities as a whole, rather than understanding to what extent an individual node belongs to its community. Therefore, most metrics for evaluating communities, for example modularity, are global. These metrics produce a score for each community, not for each individual node. In this article, we argue that the belongingness of nodes in a community is not uniform. We quantify the degree of belongingness of a vertex within a community by a new vertex-based metric called permanence. The central idea of permanence is based on the observation that the strength of membership of a vertex to a community depends upon two factors (i) the extent of connections of the vertex within its community versus outside its community, and (ii) how tightly the vertex is connected internally. We present the formulation of permanence based on these two quantities. We demonstrate that compared to other existing metrics (such as modularity, conductance, and cut-ratio), the change in permanence is more commensurate to the level of perturbation in ground-truth communities. We discuss how permanence can help us understand and utilize the structure and evolution of communities by demonstrating that it can be used to -- (i) measure the persistence of a vertex in a community, (ii) design strategies to strengthen the community structure, (iii) explore the core-periphery structure within a community, and (iv) select suitable initiators for message spreading. We further show that permanence is an excellent metric for identifying communities. We demonstrate that the process of maximizing permanence (abbreviated as MaxPerm) produces meaningful communities that concur with the ground-truth community structure of the networks more accurately than eight other popular community detection algorithms. Finally, we provide mathematical proofs to demonstrate the correctness of finding communities by maximizing permanence. In particular, we show that the communities obtained by this method are (i) less affected by the changes in vertex ordering, and (ii) more resilient to resolution limit, degeneracy of solutions, and asymptotic growth of values."}